Okay, so let's go through
them these last exercises.
So we're your last exercise the big
wrap up the big finish here for Flexbox.
I'd like you to finish up
this particular web page,
and I'd like you to add one final
section to this particular website.
So I am inside of the GitHub files,
I'm inside of VS code.
We're looking at chapter number seven.
And I am going to go through the
screenshots of what it is you're going to
be doing here.
Starting with the desktop.
This is what your web page is
going to wind up looking like so
right now you've got the hero image
we put that in place we have our
featured print that we added is as well.
What you are going to add is
the popular print section of this and
that is right there in between
the mission and the featured print so
that is the part of the webpage
that you're gonna add.
And as you see here on desktop that is
three images next to each other and
the colour needs to stretch all the way
to the edges of the page we've talked
about how to do that earlier today then
we're gonna go to the tablet here.
And let me just zoom in on
the popular prints part of this.
I want you to do this crazy thing right
here in the middle under popular prints.
So when we go to popular prints and we go
to a tablet dimension, that last image,
normally would wrap on to the next
line you'd have to on the top and
one underneath and then a big gaping hole.
So instead I'd like you to use Flexbox
to make that final image here on tablet
dimensions stretch all the way
across the width of the screen.
So you get two on top and
a big one on the bottom.
And then finally, of course,
when we go to mobile,
these will just stretch set right
on top of each other, okay?
A lot of the code is
already there inside of so
you're inside of the webpage
that we've been coding all day.
So a lot of the stuff like the the figures
and the styling, the borders and so forth.
A lot of that's already there.
But you're gonna have to write some
additional code to make these pictures do
the crazy things that
I want you to do here.